Added the review for the Che 7 End-user guide once again. (#783)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/assembly_using-alternative-ides-in-che.adoc

:context: using-alternative-ides-in-che

> It is possible to plug different IDEs (integrated developent environments) to the Eclipse Che developer workspaces so that the following scenarios can be taken care of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extending Eclipse Che developer workspaces using different IDEs (integrated development environments) enables:
```

> * Default IDE does not cover the use cases of your audience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Re-purposing the environment for different use cases.
```

> * You want to provide a dedicated custom IDE for your tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Providing a dedicated custom IDE for specific tools.
```

> * Different stakeholders are using the workspaces and you might want to provide them with different perspectives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Providing different perspectives for individual users or groups of users.
```
